Nowadays, people, even some experts,live under the illusion that it is better to work slowly and with less mistatkes than working quickly but with the risk of making mistakes. Partly because their ignorance of that, in this repetitive world, no task could be wait for a long time, everything should be finished quickly in order to catch the speed of changing world, even sometimes we should make chances, it is worthful.

To begin with, due to the development of technology, everything around us seem to change faster than past generations. The cloth, once considered fashional, maybe outfile() in few months. Computer, which maybe the most popular one last year, will be no user in the this year. Not along telephones, everyday there are hunderds new styles of telephones in this world. Therefore, it is more significant to catch the oppotunity of the market than to make no bugs products. For me, as an example, my major is software engineer, when we finish the work of a application, even there are some bugs, we have to publish it to market immediately. If not, or if we have a hesitate. There must be some applications with the same function occupy this market.

In addition, customers today are always anticipate to experience the products with new functions or some innovation applications. Even the things have some mastikes, if not much, they can bear() them. Thus, it required engineers or workers to work quickly in order to invent something with unique functions, in this way, they can meet the accommodate of consumers.

However, though speed is the most key factor in todays industry. Workers should not ignore the quility of products. Fewer mistakes, better the products is. But, sometimes, we have no choice, if we want survive, we should just go ahead, and improve the speed.

To sume up, weighing the advantages and disadvantages of this problem. I agree with the point that we should work quickly and risk making some mistakes, due to this rapidly changing world and constomers' anticipate.
